The governing body of Jehovah's Witnesses provides spiritual food throughout publications and website.
The writing desk supplies material to the writing department at the World Headquarters of Publication.
We also archive historical material.
News paper creepings and experiences are sorted and filed in cabinets.
These are translated into English and sent to the writing department at the World Headquarters.
Also, we arrange the shooting of photographs for articles.
These photographs help us to get a better understanding of what is being taught.
The archive team collects historical material of the witnesses in Japan.
Such as photos, fabrications from the early days and other mementos which brothers have donated.
We take protective measures to save these precious items from damages close by such things as light and humidity.
Also, we computerize a collection of items numbering tens of thousands so that we can immediately find any of them from the database.
We use these items for exhibition displays as well as video programs produced at this branch or at the World Headquarters.
Like a family album of memories, the collection in the archives tells us much about our spiritual family.
About their faith, courage, joys, challenges, and about Jehovah's guidance and support.